December 22, 2068: 50 years since the last Slacks Party. Ten years ago, the slackstastrophe of 2058 left the world in turmoil. For the past five years, with the scarcity of pants driving more and more to forgo leg-wear all together, a controversial movement to overturn public indecency laws worldwide has fiercely divided the global consciousness. In recent years, slacks supplies continue to plummet; leg garments have become the demesne of the rich and the famous. One month ago, in one final act of contempt for the pants-less masses, Amazon FREE One-Day Shipping has taken a shipment of Earth's last pair of slacks off-world to Jeff Bezos's Martian slackspile.

Today, a young Bobby Mannino III seeks comfort on the warm beaches of Mercedez Benz Stadium, dipping his bare legs in the lukewarm waters of the Atlantic Ocean.

"Grandpapa. Tell me again. Tell me about the pants you would wear, in the olden days."

"Now now boy, you know your mother and father don't want me filling your head with wild dreams."

"But Grandpapa, they're not just dreams. When I grow up, I'll bring pants back to Earth, and we can all go back to the way things used to be, and have a Slacks Party with you and me and everyone."

"Oh-hohoho. Is that so? Well in that case, how about I tell you about the last Slacks Party?"

"Oh yes Grandpapa! That's my favorite!"

"Well, my boy, it went a little something like this:"


.


.


.


Roooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooom 504 Productions, Atlanta's premier Slacks-themed party specialists and organizers of Slacks Party, Get-drunk-a-thon 2011, Slacks Party 2, Slacks Party 1: Part 2, The second, annual, get. drunk. o. thon., A Thanksgiving's Christmas New Year's Eve, Slacks Party Four, Wine and Cheese Party 1, WandC P II, Going to Puzzle's Bar. And having a delightful time with resident mixologists Preston Mayo and Clark Kerr, Slacks Party Five: the one at Davin's house, Wine and/or cheese 3, Other various parties with less memorable thematic content,

Alongside special guest musical playlist curator Preston Mayo, best known as the producer, songwriter, and performer of Loose, by Preston, now available on all major streaming platforms,

With hosting, planning, consulting, management, administration, hype, marketing, budgeting, R&D, special effects, production, CG effects, scheduling, facebook event creation, alcohol procurement strategies, location scouting, social media engagement, and any and all various tasks required to create a once in a lifetime event provided by the one and only (literally, the one and only) Davin Quarshie as Lead Party Executive and Official Event Host,

Would like to formally extend to you, and a guest of your choosing, subject to strict dress code restrictions, an invitation to:


The Final Slacks Party: Hanging Up The Slacks


